Darkbot, Talking Robot - Copyright (c) 2002 Darkbot Project

- To configure your Darkbot on Unixes, run ./configure script.
- To configure on Windows edit files in dat folder.

- For full  documentation  and  step  by  step configuration help,
please check Darkbot's help page  at  http://www.darkbot.org/help

- Read WHATSNEW for added/latest features and changes.
_ Read README_UTILS for info on shell utilities and all fiels in
scripts dir.

- If you are running a Darkbot with version  release prior to  7.0
use convertdb to convert your userlist.db to an encrypted password
format. Users will need to set their passwords on IRC which initial
value would be 0(zero). convertdb script and all integrated Darkbot
utility scripts are on scripts directory.

- If your  bot  is  stupid,  and you want  it  to know some general
stuff, download pre-made databases from Darkbot site. You should be
aware of database mechanics before installing and running any database.

This program is provided free for non-commercial use only.   Any
commercial use  of this source code or binaries compiled thereof
requires the prior written consent of the project administrator.
Distribution of  modified source code or binaries compiled from
modified source code  for  any platform is expressly  forbidden!
All code patches to be applied to the program are donations to
the project and must remain under this terms and conditions.
No code with copyright statments other than the ones ruled by this
project is accepted unless agreed by all parties in writing.
All Darkbot program  and  information is provided as is  without
warranty of any kind.  In any event shall Darkbot project or any
of it's collaborators be liable for any damages whatsoever.
If you do not agree with the above user disclaimer, please do not
use the program and delete all Darkbot files.
Contact juice@darkbot.org with any questions regarding the use
of this program.

Darkbot is a creation of Jason Hamilton  [ Jason@superlink.net ]
and has been coded  by  several contributors  who  donates their
code patches to the project. Please  read  file  contributors on
docs directory with  a list of who  makes this program possible.


LuizCB
Project Administrator
( LuizCB@darkbot.info )
